# Reference

<!-- DO NOT EDIT: This document was generated by Puppet Strings -->

## Table of Contents

### Classes

* [`profile_postgres_server`](#profile_postgres_server): Install and manage Postgres server and related dependencies.

## Classes

### <a name="profile_postgres_server"></a>`profile_postgres_server`

Install and manage Postgres server and related dependencies.

#### Examples

##### 

```puppet
include profile_postgres_server
```

#### Parameters

The following parameters are available in the `profile_postgres_server` class:

* [`client_ips`](#client_ips)
* [`cron_groups`](#cron_groups)
* [`cron_users`](#cron_users)
* [`crons`](#crons)
* [`groups`](#groups)
* [`other_dependencies`](#other_dependencies)
* [`packages`](#packages)
* [`ports`](#ports)
* [`services`](#services)
* [`symlinks`](#symlinks)
* [`sysctl_settings`](#sysctl_settings)
* [`users`](#users)
* [`yum_repos`](#yum_repos)

##### <a name="client_ips"></a>`client_ips`

Data type: `Array[String]`

IP addresses which should be allowed to connect to Postgres services. Can take
any of the following forms:
  - 'any' - this will create an allow rule with NO specified source (allow from anywhere)
  - <IP>-<IP> - a range of IP addresses
  - <IP> - a single IP address or CIDR definition

##### <a name="cron_groups"></a>`cron_groups`

Data type: `Array[String]`

Groups which should be able to schedule crons on this server (e.g., backups, exports).

##### <a name="cron_users"></a>`cron_users`

Data type: `Array[String]`

Users which should be able to schedule crons on this server.

##### <a name="crons"></a>`crons`

Data type: `Hash`

Raw data for Puppet cron resources.

##### <a name="groups"></a>`groups`

Data type: `Hash`

Data for local group resources to create.

##### <a name="other_dependencies"></a>`other_dependencies`

Data type: `Array[String]`

Other Puppet resources (must be defined elsewhere) that should be ensured
prior to installing and starting Postgres/runnings crons.

##### <a name="packages"></a>`packages`

Data type: `Array[String]`

List of packages that must be installed.

##### <a name="ports"></a>`ports`

Data type: `Array[Integer]`

An array containing that must be opened.

##### <a name="services"></a>`services`

Data type: `Array[String]`

List of services to start/enable.

##### <a name="symlinks"></a>`symlinks`

Data type: `Hash`

List of symlinks to enforce (that may assist by pointing to resources that are
in non-standard locations, e.g., for pgBackRest). Hash of raw data for file
resources (that are configured to be symlinks by default).

##### <a name="sysctl_settings"></a>`sysctl_settings`

Data type: `Hash`

Hash of sysctl settings.

##### <a name="users"></a>`users`

Data type: `Hash`

Data for local user resources to create.

##### <a name="yum_repos"></a>`yum_repos`

Data type: `Hash`

Raw data for yumrepo resources to create.

